to solve this problem
First we need to find the total number of common
characters present and relative order
Once we find that we can easily find the required
minimum number of insertions and deletion we can reuse
the longest common subsequent logic to find the total number
of common characters present in relative order
So first apply the LCS logic and find a length
of longest common subsequent
Here The longest common subsequent ar and its length
is two
This simply means to convert String one into String two
At Max we can reuse two characters so we need to
delete the remaining characters in string two
In this case it is the character W so we
can find the minimum number of deletions by subtracting the
longest common subsequent length from the length of the first
string here the length of first string war is three so subtract
LCS length two from Three and we will
get one so the required minimum number of deletions is
one
Now we need to insert the required characters into string
one from String two
So how many characters do we need to insert here
two new characters Because the characters A and R are
already present in string one and we can find a
minimum number of insertions by subtracting the longest common subsequent
length from the length of the second string
Here the length of second string gear is four so
subtract LCS length two from four and we will get
two so the required minimum number of insertions is two
Now let us apply the same logic in the second
example
First we need to find the LCS link here
LCS is M E R G E and its length is
five so to convert merge into mergesort at Max
we can reuse five characters and we need to delete
the remaining characters in string
Two that is we need to delete characters S O R T
in merged sort so we can find the minimum
number of deletions by subtracting the longest common subsequent length
from the length of the first string that is five
minus five which is zero
So the required minimum number of deletions is zero and
we can find the minimum number of insertions by subtracting
the longest common subsequent length from the length of second
string that his nine minus five which is four so
the required minimum number of insertions is four so the
logic is
Very simple
Find the length of longest common subsequent and to
find the minimum number of deletions we need to subtract
LCS length from String one and to find the minimum
number of insertions we need to subtract LCS length from
string two so using this logic you can try to
solve the problem.